hi and welcome to my first concrete
video hopefully it's not too bad and you
enjoy it now instead of doing flying
cards or vanishing cards or crazy things
I'm just going to tell you a story and
it is this story between two friends who
one of them believed in magic and the
other doesn't so we have the plasma
believes in magic plant a and we have
the person who doesn't believe in magic
player be ok so now they decide they've
been having a few arguments lately about
where the magic exists so eventually
they decided that the only way to solve
this problem is by playing a game of
poker player B is a very very good poker
player and he believes that there is no
way for plan a beating as he's never
done that in the past unless yes he uses
his special powers so they get together
and start playing the game they actually
find a third person to be the dealer and
so the dealer plate concert ok the
dealer doesn't actually know what
they're trying to achieve so he's not
biased in any way and takes a deck of
cards and takes out two cards and use it
to plant a now plant a looks at it it is
the two of diamonds and the nine of
spades it's not too bad so if they
placed on the table looks like and then
dealer takes the cards and deals and
other two cards to fire be our player B
looks at his cards and it's a king and a
nice not bad at all so he places it on
the table like so now the dealer
continues to place three cards on the
table like you worked in a limo game
Queen of Spades King of Diamonds and the
ace of diamonds and then one card is
discarded the next one is placed down
and then this ace of hearts another card
is discarded before the fifth and the
final card is put on the table and it is
the ace of spades now this is pretty
horrified horrific from plant a because
play cannot there is no possible way
that he could change his cards to beat
player B and of course he knows what
players B's card are because he's read
his mind using his magical powers but he
can't change cards in front of people's
eyes that that is very very difficult if
not impossible and because he knows he
can't really beat him in anyway so he's
panicking Stanley picks up his cards I
fixed himself come on from when I can do
this what weighs on it but he's
completely run out so he takes his cards
and fixing himself ok I'll give this a
try he goes God of magic God of magic
please on this way allow me to change my
cards to what I wish it to be and let me
win the game ok sounds pretty ridiculous
and he doesn't think he can do it so he
turns over and looks at his cards but in
fact they've changed and he's stolen
player these cards so just place it on
the table and get and smiles and says I
think I win now player B being a bit
angry says wait you just cheated
cheating is not the same as magic and
play goes what do you mean I didn't she
just your can't I exactly the same as
more
how does he explain that and plan a
doesn't have anything to say when player
B turns over his cards to show that he
was correct his cards have completely
swapped with player a and with this he
was totally speechless and he got up off
the table and left and never played
poker again and of course he now
believes in magic so thanks for watching
and she seemed